Improve button demo - icons, predefinedTypes descriptions (#504)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Button/Icons/description.md

> To add an icon to a **Button**, set the **icon** property. This demo shows several ways you can use this property:   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an icon to a **Button**, set the **icon** property. This demo shows how you can use this property:   
```

> To add an icon to **Button**, use the UI component's **icon** property. This demo covers the following use cases of this property:   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add an icon to a **Button**, set the **icon** property. This demo shows several ways you can use this property:   
```

- **Built-in icons**    

> DevExtreme comes with an [icon library](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Icons/#Built-In_Icon_Library). Set the **icon** property to the relevant icon name.    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DevExtreme ships with its own [icon library](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Icons/#Built-In_Icon_Library). Pick any icon and assign its name to the **icon** property.
```

> - **Image icons**    

Reviewer 2: Can we say "image file"? "Image icons" sounds redundant. 

```suggestion
- **Image file**    
```

Set the **icon** value to the image file path or URI.    

> - **External icon fonts**   

Reviewer 2: I want to change "external" to "3rd-party". If possible, update the demo UI too. 

```suggestion
- **3rd-party icon fonts**
```

> It is possible to import an external font library. In this case, use **icon** names taken from the library. Refer to the library's documentation for proper icon names. This example uses <a href="https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a>.    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can import a 3rd-party font library (this example uses <a href="https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a>). In such cases, set the **icon** property to a name that identifies the required glyph. Look up names in the imported library's documentation.
```

> - **Icon without a text**   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Buttons with icons and no caption text**   
```

> Define the **icon** but do not define the **text** property.    

Reviewer 2: I feel the need to add information about tooltips here...

> Define the **icon** but do not define the **text** property. You can use the [hint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/Configuration/#hint) property to annotate the **button**.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the **icon**, but do not define the **text** property. You can use the [hint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxButton/Configuration/#hint) property to annotate the **button**.   
```
